fix: various tweaks of the succinct fdg (#408)
succinctlabs/op-succinct: book/fault_proofs/fault_proof_architecture.md

- `ROLLUP_CONFIG_HASH`: Hash of the chain's rollup configuration
- `AGGREGATION_VKEY`: The verification key for the aggregation SP1 program.
- `RANGE_VKEY_COMMITMENT`: The commitment to the BabyBear representation of the verification key of the range SP1 program.

> - `CHALLENGER_BOND`: Amount of ETH required to submit a challenge (given to prover if they provide a valid proof).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CHALLENGER_BOND`: Amount of ETH required to submit a challenge. If a prover supplies a valid proof, the bond is disbursed to the prover.
```

## Acknowledgements

Special thanks to Kelvin Fichter for his invaluable contributions with thorough design reviews, technical guidance, and insightful feedback throughout the development process.

> Also, Zach Obront, who worked on the first version of OP Succinct, prototyped a similar `MultiProof` dispute game implementation with OP Succinct as part of his work with the Ithaca team. This fault proof implementation takes some inspiration from his multiproof work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zach Obront, who worked on the first version of OP Succinct, prototyped a similar `MultiProof` dispute game implementation with OP Succinct as part of his work with the Ithaca team. This fault proof implementation takes some inspiration from his multiproof work.
```
